=head1 NAME

fop-ttfreader --  A tool which reads TTF files and generates XML font metrics file for use in FOP.


=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<fop-ttfreader> [options] F<fontfile.ttf> F<xmlfile.xml>

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-enc> ansi

with this option you can create a WinAnsi encoded font. The default is
to create a CID keyed font.  If you're not going to use characters
outside the pdfencoding range (almost the same as iso-8889-1) you can
add this option.

=item B<-ttcname> fontname

if you're reading data from TrueType Collection (.ttc file) you must
specify which font from the collection you will read metrics from. If
you read from a .ttc file without this option, the fontnames will be
listed for you.

=item B<-fn> fontname

default is to use the fontname in the .ttf file, but you can override
that name to make sure that the embedded font is used (if you're
embedding fonts) instead of installed fonts when viewing documents with
Acrobat Reader.

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=over

=item C<fop-ttfreader /usr/share/fonts/truetype/freefont/FreeSerif.ttf freeserif.xml>

generates freeserif.xml file containing XML font metrics from FreeSerif.ttf

=back

=head1 JAVA-WRAPPERS NOTE

This program is a shell script wrapper based on
B<java-wrappers>(7).
You therefore benefit from several features; please see the 
B<java-wrappers>(7)
manual page for more information about them.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wrapper author: Arnaud Vandyck <avdyk@debian.org>

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<fop>(1), B<java-wrappers>(7)

=cut
